[Hayakawa groans]
Life is so unfair.
Why am I stuck here
instead of getting pruney
in a hot spring?
-We just got back.
-[Hayakawa sulking]
Why didn't you go
for New Year's?
Because between visiting family
and holiday obligations
I didn't have any time
-for a vacation!
-[SHINOZAKI] Calm down.
You can't tell me
recharging at a hot spring
doesn't sound like a great idea.
Being outside,
surrounded by nature's beauty.
All the while serenaded
by chirping birds
and babbling brooks
as perfectly hot water
melts your problems away.
Sign me up for this
office worker's paradise please!
[SHINOZAKI] Well, she's
definitely got Senpai
on her side!
Just think, we all need
some TLC for the soul!
That's for sure.
I get exactly where
you're coming from.
I bet they'd even have
a local kitty to play with.
I can't think of a better escape
from this harsh concrete jungle
that we all live in.
[SHINOZAKI] Not good.
Senpai's trapped herself
on her own fantasy island!
Hey, why don't we go
at the end of the month?
We'll use our PTO
and play hooky!
-Sounds like an awesome idea!
-[giggle]
You wanna join in on the fun?
Wouldn't it be kind of weird
for me to go though?
So, you don't want
to see your Senpai
fresh outta the bath?
I'm your Senpai,
fresh outta the bath.
It's not,
not something I'd like to see.
But if I take time off now,
I might fall behind.
-[AKINA] I say go for it.
-Huh!
[SHINOZAKI] Manager!
We are in a slow period
right now.
The point of paid vacation
is to use it up after all.
-You're the best, Manager!
In that case, why don't you
come with us too?
You sure?
It'd be weird
if I was the only guy.
I love that idea.
Let's all go together.
It wouldn't be as fun
without the entire gang there.
Don't you think so too?
I guess.
If he really wants to.
All of us at a hot spring.
Huh?
Oh, Senpai.
Oh, Shinozaki.
Hayakawa.
Shinozaki.
Well, come on!
-Um, Katase?
-Huh?
[all chuckle]
-I wouldn't miss this
for the whole world! -Quit it!
If you keep that up,
then you can just stay at home!
[SHIORI] This place
is even more charming in person!
And just think on any other day
we would all be chained
to our desks!
-[HAYAKAWA] Thank you, PTO!
-While you do that,
-I'll go check us in.
-Oh.
Thank you, manager.
[SHINOZAKI] It was nice of you
to drive us up here
on top of handling
the reservations.
[AKINA]
Don't sweat it.
I enjoy doing
this kind of stuff.
And I did share
driving duties with Katase.
I was kinda surprised
to find out
-that she could drive.
-[chuckles]
It makes me
wanna get my license.
Oh.
Good thinking.
That way she can ride shotgun
while you drive us
on our next trip.
I mean, that's one reason.
-[Shiori screams]
-[gasps]
That was Senpai's voice!
Wait, is this
a murder hot spring?
[panting]
I'll save you, Senpai!
-Meow.
-[meowing]
I've died and gone
to fluffy wuffy heaven.
Thankfully it's
a figurative death.
You know, cats are a sign
of a good inn.
And you picked a winner!
Hello, widdle kitties.
Who wants hugs?
[crying]
[SHINOZAKI] That was painful
to watch.
Maybe they're too alike
for them to be interested?
[SHINOZAKI] Senpai's not a cat!
-[crying] -She's got
some catlike qualities
but that's not something
they could pick up on, right?
What do you think, Hayakawa?
I'm a bit purr-occupied.
A human cat tree!
Is your entire body
made out of catnip or something?
[chattering]
I was already impressed
that they had a hot spring pool
but this is gigantic!
Isn't this great?
It's year-round summer fun!
Let's make the most of it!
I never thought I'd see Senpai
in a swimsuit,
let alone during winter.
I gotta keep it together.
I wonder what kind
of suit she has?
Maybe something cute?
Or maybe something
on the classy side?
Or maybe...
[HAYAKAWA] Oh. Katase!
Over here!
Sorry to keep you all waiting.
[SHINOZAKI] I was not expecting
something this mature!
Not good!
I can't let any dirty thoughts
creep out of my head!
I gotta stay calm,
she's still my Senpai!
I'll just go with a casual,
nonspecific compliment.
You two are rockin' those suits.
That's nice of you to say.
-Yeah, thanks.
-Come on!
How can he say that
with a straight face?
Ah! How am I supposed to follow
that?
You both look very nice.
[sighs]
Um, thank you, Shinozaki.
[SHINOZAKI] She covered up?
[SHIORI] Why am I suddenly
so self-conscious?
[SHINOZAKI] I can't believe
we're at the pool
and I'm missing out on seeing
Senpai's bathing suit.
Maybe I should just ask
if she'd show it to me?
No, I'm pretty sure
that constitutes harassment.
[Shinozaki sighs]
So, did you bring
that inner tube
from home, or what?
I just bought it today,
actually.
You work fast.
[Hayakawa chuckles]
Hey! Let's go test that tube
-out on the lazy river.
-I like the sound of that!
[SHINOZAKI] The lazy river?
[HAYAKAWA] Come on!
[AKINA] Coming!
That's right
As long as we're in the water,
it's okay if I see her suit!
Thanks Hayakawa!
Senpai!
Let's go!
You can all go on
and have fun.
[gasps]
She must really not want me
to look at her.
The problem is
that I can't swim!
How about we try out
the wave pool.
You can all go ahead.
I meant the kiddie pool?
Go on ahead.
[chuckles]
[gasps]
Hmm...
Uh...
Senpai, you don't know
how to swim, do you?
Mm...
It's not that I can't swim!
It's just that
I never have before!
Kay, then that basically means
you can't swim.
Hmm...
I shouldn't make fun!
I'm sorry, Senpai!
[boy laughing]
Mommy, can we get ice cream?
-Well, why don't we ask
your dad? -When I was little
I went into the deep end
and lost my footing.
[water gurgling] I could've
very easily drowned that day
and I've been afraid of it
ever since.
I do think it
would be fun and all, but...
[sighs]
[SHINOZAKI] In that case,
wanna go in together?
Uh...
I'm tall enough that I can
stand up in the deep end.
We'll watch out for each other,
okay?
Huh...
Hm...
[SHIORI] Alright!
I'll give it a try.
Hey, it isn't as chilly
as I thought it would be.
Not so scary after all, huh?
Nope!
In fact, I almost feel like
I can start
swimming now!
-Ahh...
-Huh?
[SHIORI]
What's the matter, Shinozaki?
Nothing.
I must resist
any dirty thoughts!
My Senpai is trying her best!
So, are you ready
to teach me how to swim?
I'm in danger.
Let's start off small.
Try putting your face
in the water.
Easy-peasy! Leave it to me-z!
Here I go then!
Huh, she might actually
pick it up quickly.
[whines]
[SHINOZAKI] Or not.
Normally, I can put my face
underwater with no issue.
Why not now?
[SHINOZAKI] You might be nervous
because of where we are.
Maybe it'll be easier
if you pretend
that you're in the bath.
[SHIORI] The bath, the bath,
the bath...
[whimpering]
...the bath.
-She's acting like a cat
that hates water! -[groans]
I guess we shouldn't start off
with submerging your face.
I-I'm sorry.
That's okay,
you might have better luck
if you practice
with an inner tube for a while.
-I'll go buy you one.
-Uh...
[groaning]
Shinozaki?
-[water bubbling]
-Oh, no! I got a cramp!
I got careless,
because the water's so shallow!
Somebody, help me.!
[Shinozaki gasps]
Is Senpai swimming?
-[gasps]
-[groans] You saved me...
Don't die!
It's okay, you can stop!
I'm still alive!
So, you're alright?
Yeah, I'm fine.
[sighs]
Thank goodness.
Huh...
[weeping] I thought I'd lost you
for a second there.
[gasps]
No, I'm all good!
I've never felt better!
So, you can relax!
There's no need to cry!
Okay.
-More importantly.
-Huh...
You started swimming
on your own!
Uh...
Don't be ridiculous,
nothing is more important
than you still being alive
-and well, Shinozaki!
-Forget I said anything!
Whoa, dizzy.
Guess I didn't catch
my breath yet.
But I can't let myself fall!
-Huh!
[gasps]
No!
Safe!
Uh...
Um, let me retie it for you.
Thanks for that.
There.
-Stealth.
-Okay. Nobody saw, right?
Listen, um...
I'm sorry! I don't know
how to make it up to you!
You sure that's all
you have to say, Shinozaki?
Huh? Uh, would it help
if I bow?
Or write you a letter?
Never mind,
just forget about it.
Ahh!
-Hmph!
-Wait! Senpai!
Hm...
[SHIORI] My Tiny Senpai
will be back in a moment!
[SHIORI] Oh, hey! I already took
a dip in the bath.
[chuckles]
[exhales sharply]
That sure hits the spot.
I can feel all the exhaustion
washing away.
Christmas, New Year's Eve,
then New Year's all at once.
I think our holidays
might be way too close together.
[chuckles]
Yeah, maybe so.
But still, after today
I feel as good as new!
Thank you for inviting me along,
Hayakawa.
-It's been really nice.
-Oh, no.
I appreciate your company!
If I planned to come alone,
I would probably just whine
about wanting to go
but never actually
make the trip.
And if I did, I wouldn't have
played in the pool much.
I'd just laze around
the whole time.
[giggles]
I know what you mean.
I can't remember the last time
I wore a swimsuit.
It's been a while though!
Not that it wasn't fun,
but I feel like I really
embarrassed myself today.
So, I need to regain my honor
as a senpai
between now and bedtime!
Hmm?
[SHIORI] Shinozaki!
Huh!
Huh?
Aaaa!
[SHINOZAKI] Whoa, what's gotten
into you?
Alright, which one of you guys
-let Senpai have alcohol?
-Here comes the plane!
-Ah!
-No one let her have it.
But nobody didn't let her,
either.
What's wrong with you?
Don't you remember the time she
got drunk on that chocolate?
-It's Hayakawa! [kisses]
-Huh?
I'm incredibly grateful
for your help, sir!
You're right,
that did happen, huh?
Guess I forgot.
I highly doubt that you forgot.
[bottle tumbles, liquid
sploshes] [Shinozaki groans]
-Huh?
-Aw man, I spilled my drink.
Oh, that's not good!
Let me take care of it for you!
No thanks, you don't need to!
I can do it myself!
But I want to.
Don't worry.
Your Senpai's here for you.
From now until we go to bed
tonight, okay?
Ahh!
Seriously, I don't need help
with anything!
Aw, do you have an upset tummy?
-Let Senpai rub it for you then!
-My tummy's fine!
There's no reason to be so shy.
It's okay.
You're like a completely
different person now!
-Show me where it hurts, kohai!
-When she's drunk...
I guess Katase
gets really intense, huh?
She sure does.
That reminds me...
So, I need to regain
my honor as a senpai
between now and bedtime!
Is that where all
this is coming from?
Could be.
I'm not sure what she thinks
she has to make up for though.
There's something
on your face.
She's showing that
she's here for you,
'cause she's your senpai.
Ahh.
Okay, Shinozaki!
I'm gonna wipe that stuff
off your face now!
This is so awkward
I can barely stand it,
but I also kinda enjoy it.
Hayakawa, save me!
Sorry, I have somewhere to be.
I feel like taking another dip
in the open-air bath
-since we're here.
-Ooh, me too!
[shrieking]
-Have fun, guys!
-[door shuts]
-[SHINOZAKI] I've been betrayed!
Shinozaki,
here's one more bite.
Aaaa!
[SHINOZAKI] Man, she's really
sloshed!
Alright,
there's only one thing to do!
[gulps]
Play along a little
then send her off to bed
like a gentleman!
Good job!
Isn't it so yummy?
It's super yummy.
And after you eat your dinner,
then it's time to brush
your teeth!
Gaah...
Ahaa!
But I can't brush them
like this.
Huh?
Get comfy, kohai!
Are you telling me to lay down
on your lap?
There we go.
Does it hurt anywhere?
Not at all.
Come on, keep it together
a little longer!
And once we're done,
I want you to
go gargle-gargle
sploosh-sploosh, okay?
[SHINOZAKI] Oh, God,
please tell me
you're talking about
mouthwash!
Now your teeth are nice
and clean! [claps]
-You're such a good boy!
-[gasping]
This is nice, but there's only
so much a man can take!
I just want to go to bed.
Somebody's looking
awfully sleepy there.
Uh, I mean, kind of!
If that's the case,
then you can relax
and let your senpai tuck you in.
[chuckles]
[gasping]
[giggles]
[SHINOZAKI] Ah!
Wait, I can't sleep yet!
[SHIORI] You can and you should!
No staying up late!
Huh!
Time for good boys
to go to sleep, got it?
[SHINOZAKI] How could I
possibly sleep now?
Gaah!
[exhales]
Huh?
[HAYAKAWA] Oh, that's so weird.
I could've sworn that
I brought it with me though.
[SHINOZAKI]
She left something?
This is bad.
There aren't enough excuses
in the world
to smooth this over!
-[groaning]
-Time to prepare the feast.
We've got big news, Yutaka!
What's that?
Marriage?
[SHINOZAKI] I cannot let
that happen!
Hey, Shinozaki?
-Huh?
The lights are off.
[click]
They're not in here anymore.
I wonder
where they went off to.
Weird, we didn't run into them
in the hall.
[SHINOZAKI] I just hid somewhere
without thinking!
Maybe she'll get
what she needs and leave.
[AKINA]
Did you find it yet?
[HAYAKAWA]
I don't get it.
It's supposed to be in this bag.
-[grunts]
-The baths are separate anyway.
You can go ahead
without me if you want.
Take your time.
I don't mind waiting.
[SHINOZAKI] I mind very much,
thank you!
[SHINOZAKI]
Achoo!
-Oh!
-Huh?
[SHINOZAKI]
Crap.
[HAYAKAWA]
Did you say something?
-[AKINA] Not me.
-[HAYAKAWA] I could have sworn
I heard a voice.
-[AKINA] From outside, maybe?
-[Shiori sighs]
[HAYAKAWA]
I think it came from the closet.
[SHINOZAKI]
No, no, no!
-[SHIORI] Oh...
-[SHINOZAKI] Huh?
[SHIORI]
Hm.
[chuckles]
Huh?
It's your special Senpai
heating pad!
Um, my what?
Is it super warm?
[SHINOZAKI]
Yeah, it sure is.
Wait, did you say heating pad?
Yup.
I mean, you're sneezing.
- Gaah! - That means you need
to be warmed up!
Huh? It really is coming
from in there.
[SHINOZAKI]
Guh! Busted.
[SHIORI]
Your Senpai heating pad!
[SHINOZAKI] Please, cut it out.
This isn't the time for that!
They're gonna get
the wrong idea!
Well, this heating pad
is the adhesive kind!
Hmmm!
-[SHINOZAKI] Oh crap, oh crap...
-[SHIORI] Aren't you comfy?
Oh crap!
[Shiori giggles]
Look, Senpai.
Sorry to be rude,
but you have to quiet down
for a second.
Huh?
Huh.
Maybe you were just imagining
things.
Yeah, I guess so.
[sighs]
[SHINOZAKI]
Barely avoided disaster.
-Shinozaki.
-Huh?
Your hand,
it's on my, um...
[screams]
[thud]
[both gasp]
-Did you hear that?
-I did.
Come to think of it,
this place does have a history.
Don't even go there!
Please, we were having
so much fun together, and now...
[shrieks]
Wait, if there are ghosts here,
do you think those two
got spirited away?
Well, we can't rule it out.
[HAYAKAWA] What are we gonna do?
Call the police?
Call an exorcist?
Call the police and an exorcist?
-[AKINA] Stay calm, Hayakawa!
-[Hayakawa cries]
Huh?
Who is that?
Hayakawa maybe?
We're here in the closet!
I wanna go to the open-air
bath too.
[SHINOZAKI] Ahh! Be quiet!
You're gonna blow our cover!
Come on, think of a solution!
Gah!
-[door slides open]
-Huh? -Huh?
-Hayakawa.
-[scream]
[eerie voice] Huh? Who turned
out the lights in here?
[HAYAKAWA] Don't kill me!
Please!
-Stay away!
-[AKINA] Wait for me! Hayakawa!
Wow, I can't believe
they didn't figure us out.
Ah?!
Huh...
She's asleep.
I guess the chaos is over.
For now.
I'm getting kinda tired.
Are you okay, Shinozaki?
[chuckles]
[SHINOZAKI] Senpai, you'll get a
cold if you sleep there.
Let's put you to bed.
Okay.
She was worried
about how she came across,
but I'm happy I got to see
a different side of her.
Uh-uh.
Her hands.
Come on now.
Let me go.
I can't get away.
Oh boy, this might look
worse than before!
[running footsteps] [panting]
[HAYAKAWA] This way!
I saw a ghost in this room!
[gaping]
[exhales]
[whimpers]
Time to prepare the feast.
-We've got big news, Yutaka!
-[YUTAKA] I see
-the wedding is on.
-Absolutely not!
[AKINA] Oh, what a glorious day!
[HAYAKAWA]
Wait, where's the ghost?
[HAYAKAWA] I swear it was in
here howling at me!
[overlapping chatter]
[sighs]
This place is a lot of fun.